### A tutorial for basic traversal.

1. Basic Jump
	1. The level starts with the player character in a crater, facing the entrance to a cave.
	2. The enterance is blocked by three rocks accompanied by a button prompt for [Jumping](../../Player%20Character/Ultion/Abilities/Jump.md); only one of the rocks is small enough for the temporarily underpowered player character to jump over, making the player aware of their current limitations.<br>A [Stat Increase Power-up](../Enviromental%20Features/Helpful/Power-ups/Stat%20Increases.md) is concealed by one of the rocks, establishing to the player that exploration is rewarded.
	3. There is a small hole in the path forward that the player character can only cross by jumping from near its edge, teaching the player that jumping from farther away may not be effective enough for some jumps.
	4. Another hole, one too big for the player character to jump across, leads the player to a corridor at the end of which the [General Mobility Power-up](../Enviromental%20Features/Helpful/Power-ups/General%20Mobility.md) is placed.
2. Hightened Mobility
	1. With the [General Mobility Power-up](../Enviromental%20Features/Helpful/Power-ups/General%20Mobility.md) now collected, a simple segment composed of large platforms is the way forward; reinforcing earlier lessons and acquainting the player with the character's new mobility.<br>A [Stat Increase Power-up](../Enviromental%20Features/Helpful/Power-ups/Stat%20Increases.md) is placed near an edge the player jumps off of, rewarding a player that looks at their surroundings.
	2. The next challenge requires the player to use the [Jump's](../../Player%20Character/Ultion/Abilities/Jump.md) variable height functionality to perform short hops, as there are [Single Hit Damage Zones](../Enviromental%20Features/Harmful/Damage%20Zones.md) in the floor and ceiling; jumping too high or too low will punished with damage.<br>A [Checkpoint](../Enviromental%20Features/Helpful/Checkpoint.md) is placed before this challenge, to avoid a tedious journey through already mastered challenges being forced on the player in the event of death to this or the next challenge.
	3. The last segment of this level is a climb across smaller platforms with a [Damage Over Time Zone](../Enviromental%20Features/Harmful/Damage%20Zones.md) at the bottom, punishing the player for falling off.<br>The exit leads to the other side of the formerly uncrossable pit, with the shaft housing the [Level End](../Enviromental%20Features/Neutral/Level%20End.md) in the opposite direction.
